CXR3401|No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. Stable bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph XXXX. A bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall, stable compared to prior examination.
CXR2993|The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
CXR2715|Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There is a 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule, not seen on prior exams. There are posttraumatic deformities of the right posterior ribs. No focal airspace consolidation or effusion. No pneumothorax.
CXR2310|No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. There are no large pleural effusions.
CXR2151|Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, the typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild spine dextrocurvature noted.
CXR2847|The heart size is within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is tortuous, stable from the prior radiograph. Aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta, grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. There are scattered calcified granulomas. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
CXR549|Stable appearance of the left upper lung lobe with scarring, volume loss, and pleural thickening. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits normal appearance, similar to prior. Volume loss in the left lung, stable. Right lung is clear. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild scarring at the right apex. No acute bony abnormality.
CXR3732|Calcified left hilar lymph node. Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
CXR3411|There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. There are XXXX opacities in the right mid lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No significant pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification.
CXR396|The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
